Blissful Sleep is a game I've been working on for a few weeks.
The universe is composed of an heroic fantasy base, but modernised with magical means.
The main character will be a hermaphrodite, or futa, as will be the succubi opponents. Other characters will mainly be female or futas, but I might do some males (it's not my thing, but we'll see)
The game will be split between day and night, but for now, only the night is implemented.

During the night, you will explore the dreams of your neighbours and fight the succubi invading them.
You dive further and further away from your bedroom each stage in a similar fashion to Dicey Dungeons.
You use dice to activate your abilities and increase the arousal of your opponent, the first one to orgasm loses.
For every win, you gain a random ability from your opponent and Lust Crystals, that can be exchanged for specific abilities in shops.
Shops also offer you more Max Arousal and resets it to 0, or a new die
For now, you have two levels before waking up.


Next steps :
The day :
If the night is based on Dicey Dungeons, the day will be more Persona.
During the day, you can explore the town and find activities.
Most activities will let you meet characters and start to know them.
Important characters will be afflicted with the Blissful Sleep (see Story), and you will need to rescue them.
Once rescued, you will unlock a new playable succubus for the nights.
To progress with a character, you will need to meet them during the day and play as their succubus during the night.
The better relation you get with a character, the more powerful their succubus becomes, gaining more MaxArousal or Abilities

The night :
During the night, you will get some random events. 
Some give you quick gains for the run, but others affect the day too.
But you might find other Dream Delvers, who might or might not help you.


Story & Intro :
You were an adventurer, not as good as the ones who saved the world by fighting the demons, but good enough to fight most common monsters.
But five years after the demons were banished, work for adventurers became rarer, mainly fighting bandits, so when you received news that your sister suffered from the Blissful Sleep, you rushed back home.
The Blissful Sleep is a recent sickness afflicting your town. The sick spend most of the day sleeping, only getting up for basic needs. But even when they look awake, they don't answer and fall asleep after finishing what they needed.
When asleep, they look happy and at peace, hence the name Blissful Sleep.
Coming back home, you help your mother with the family inn and keep an eye on your sister.

The first night, you stay next to your sister to help her in case she gets up. As you fall asleep in the couch next to her bed, you start a strange dream.
You are used to having lucid dreams, but this time, you feel something strange. Your adventurer senses tell you something is preying on you.
You start to move into their direction, summoning a weapon from your dream and go in to fight.
As the background start fading away, a succubus jumps out and starts attacking. You try to fight back, but without effect.
Your arousal increases, and as you start edging, another succubus comes out. Thinking you lost and trying to awake, but fails.
But the new succubus stand next to you, then seems to fuse with you. Both of you easily make the other one submit (as a tutorial fight).
Right after that, you awake and see your sister gaining consciousness.

In the morning, your mother is overjoyed, and right before calling for the town doctor, a new guest comes to the inn : the succubus, or woman, that helped you that night.
After agreeing on keeping what happened that night a secret, she asks you if you want to help her get rid of the Blissful Sleep.
Being a good person, you agree and start to do nightly dives into the town's dreams, hunting succubi.